[RHDEVDOCS-2334] Adding admin guide for Serverless docs (#29265)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-creating-broker-admin-web-console.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * serverless/event_workflows/serverless-using-brokers.adoc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// * serverless/admin_guide/serverless-cluster-admin-eventing.adoc 
```

[id="serverless-creating-broker-admin-web-console_{context}"]

> = Creating a broker using the Administrator perspective

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Creating a broker by using the Administrator perspective
```

If you have cluster administrator permissions, you can create a broker by using the Administrator perspective in the web console.

.Prerequisites

* The {ServerlessOperatorName} and Knative Eventing are installed on your {product-title} cluster.
* You have cluster administrator permissions for {product-title}.

.Procedure

. In the *Administrator* perspective of the {product-title} web console, navigate to *Serverless* -> *Eventing*.

> . In the *Create* drop-down menu, select *Broker*. You will be directed to the *Create Broker* page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Create* list, select *Broker*. The *Create Broker* page displays.
```
> Use _is displayed_ to describe the presence of the page on the screen.

> . Optional. Modify the YAML configuration for the broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: Modify the YAML configuration for the broker.
```
